.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/performance_improvement.md, before:

## Requirements for Contributing a Performance Improvement

* Fill out the template below. Any pull request that does not include enough information may be closed at the maintainers' discretion.
* The pull request musr only affect performance of existing functionality. To contribute other changes, use a different template. You can see all pull request templates [here](https://github.com/JazzBrotha/screenmycode/tree/master/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE).
* Make sure you read the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/JazzBrotha/screenmycode/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Description of the Change

<!-- Describe the design of your change and what your code will be doing. If we can't understand what your code is doing from this description, we may close the pull request. Keep in mind that the maintainer reviewing this PR may not have worked with the code here recently, so please walk us through the concepts. -->

### Quantitative Performance Benefits

<!-- Describe precisely the improvement observed (for example, reduced time to complete an operation, reduced memory use, etc.) and how you measured this change.

Note: Not required, but you may include graphs to demonstrate this change or attached dumps from the built-in profiling tools. -->

### Possible Drawbacks

<!-- What are the possible side-effects or negative impacts of the code change? -->

### Verification Process

<!-- What process did you follow to verify that the change has not introduced any regressions? Describe the actions you performed (including buttons you clicked, text you typed, commands you ran, etc.), and describe the results you observed. -->

### Applicable Issues

<!-- Does this fix any issues? -->

Commit message:

finished changes to issues and pr templates

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/performance_improvement.md, after:

## Requirements for Contributing a Performance Improvement

* Fill out the template below. Any pull request that does not include enough information may be closed at the maintainers' discretion.
* The pull request musr only affect performance of existing functionality. To contribute other changes, use a different template. You can see all pull request templates [here](https://github.com/JazzBrotha/screenmycode/tree/master/.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE).
* Make sure you read the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/JazzBrotha/screenmycode/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Description of the Change

Describe the design of your change and what your code will be doing. If we can't understand what your code is doing from this description, we may close the pull request. Keep in mind that the maintainer reviewing this PR may not have worked with the code here recently, so please walk us through the concepts.

### Quantitative Performance Benefits

Describe precisely the improvement observed (for example, reduced time to complete an operation, reduced memory use, etc.) and how you measured this change.

Note: Not required, but you may include graphs to demonstrate this change or attached dumps from the built-in profiling tools.

### Possible Drawbacks

What are the possible side-effects or negative impacts of the code change?

### Verification Process

What process did you follow to verify that the change has not introduced any regressions? Describe the actions you performed (including buttons you clicked, text you typed, commands you ran, etc.), and describe the results you observed.

### Applicable Issues

Does this fix any issues?
